country        China     
person         Martin      China     
skill          Php        Martin    
skill          JavaScript Martin    
company        QuidWay   China     
country        France    
person         Lucy        France    
skill          VB         Lucy      
person         John        France    
skill          Php        John      
skill          Java       John      
company        Talend    France    
country        USA       
person         Sam         USA       
skill          Perl       Sam       
skill          C++        Sam       
person         Tomas       USA       
skill          Java       Tomas     
skill          C#         Tomas     
skill          C++        Tomas     
company        Sun       USA       
company        Cisco     USA       
